chore: prepare for 1.2.0 (#183)
redhat-developer/intellij-knative: README.md

## New and Noteworthy

> The minimum IDEA version supported by the plugin has been increased to 2021.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum IDEA version supported by the plugin has been increased to 2021.1
```

Reviewer: Just to avoid the confusion of the minor version after the fullstop.

The plugin works by using `kn` CLI 1.5.0 and `func` CLI 0.24.0. 

### New ToolWindow for build/deploy/run actions

It offers a custom ToolWindow for Functions to easily check the execution status of a build/run/deploy action.

> It is also possible to enable the history view to visualize the latest 10 logs of old build/run/deploy executions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to enable the history view to visualize the last 10 logs of build/run/deploy executions. 
```

## New and Noteworthy

The minimum IDEA version supported by the plugin has been increased to 2021.1
The plugin works by using `kn` CLI 1.5.0 and `func` CLI 0.25.0

### New ToolWindow for build/deploy/run actions

> It offers a custom ToolWindow for Functions to easily check the execution status of a build/run/deploy action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The plugin now provides a custom ToolWindow to showcase the command execution
- This currently supports the execution of the Run, Build and Deploy Function command
- It also supports History View to visualise the old command logs
- Currently, users can only view _the last 10 logs_ of the associated Function command
```

It is also possible to enable the history view to visualize the last 10 logs of build/run/deploy executions. 

![](images/1.2.0/knative1.gif)

### Stop function execution and limit running sessions

It is possible to stop a running function execution directly from the IDE UI.

![](images/1.2.0/knative2.gif)

### Smarter workflow execution

The plugin skips building a function if it has not been updated since last build.

> ### Inform user if func is not running when invoking it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Inform user if the function is not running when invoking it
```

> When invoking a function, which is not actually running, the user is informed of it, and she is asked to run it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user is prompted to run the function first before invoking it, if the function is not running. This improves the overall experience during invoke calls.
```

## New and Noteworthy

> The minimum IDEA version supported by the plugin has been increased to 2021.1

Reviewer 2: IDEA is the Java IDE. I usually refers to JetBrains IDEs.
